feat(playwright-test): introduce snapshotPathTemplate configuration (#18568)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/params.md

```html
<button title='Place the order'>Order Now</button>
```

## test-config-snapshot-template-path

> - `type` ?<[string]>

Reviewer: `* langs: js` probably?

> This configuration option allows to set a string with template values for precise control over snapshot path location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option configures a template controlling location of snapshots generated by [`method: PageAssertions.toHaveScreenshot`] and [`method: SnapshotAssertsion.toMatchSnapshot`].
```

```js tab=js-ts
// playwright.config.ts
import type { PlaywrightTestConfig } from '@playwright/test';

const config: PlaywrightTestConfig = {
  testDir: './tests',
  snapshotPathTemplate: '{testDir}/__screenshots__/{testFilePath}/{arg}{ext}',
};

export default config;
```

The value might include some "tokens" that will be replaced with actual values during test execution.

Consider the following file structure:

```
playwright.config.ts
tests/
└── page/
    └── page-click.spec.ts
```

And the following `page-click.spec.ts` that uses `toHaveScreenshot()` call:

```ts
// page-click.spec.ts
import { test, expect } from '@playwright/test';

test('should work', async ({ page }) => {
  await expect(page).toHaveScreenshot(['foo', 'bar', 'baz.png']);
});
```

The list of supported tokens:

* `{testDir}` - Project's `testDir`.
  * Example: `tests/`
* `{snapshotDir}` - Project's `snapshotDir`.
  * Example: `tests/` (since `snapshotDir` is not provided in config, it defaults to `testDir`)
* `{platform}` - The value of `process.platform`.

> * `{snapshotSuffix}` - The value of `testInfo.snapshotSuffix`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `{snapshotSuffix}` - The value of [`property: TestInfo.snapshotSuffix`].
```

* `{projectName}` - Project's sanitized name, if any.

>   * Example: `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Example: empty string `''`.
```

  * Example: `foo/bar/baz`
* `{ext}` - snapshot extension (with dots)
  * Example: `.png`

Each token can be preceded with a single character that will be used **only if** this token has non-empty value.

Consider the following config:

```js tab=js-ts
// playwright.config.ts
import type { PlaywrightTestConfig } from '@playwright/test';

const config: PlaywrightTestConfig = {
  snapshotPathTemplate: '__screenshots__{/projectName}/{testFilePath}/{arg}{ext}',
  testMatch: 'example.spec.ts',
  projects: [
    { use: { browserName: 'firefox' } },
    { name: 'chromium', use: { browserName: 'chromium' } },
  ],
};
export default config;
```

In this config:
1. First project **does not** have a name, so its snapshots will be stored in `<configDir>/__screenshots__/example.spec.ts/...`.
1. Second project **does** have a name, so its snapshots will be stored in `<configDir>/__screenshots__/chromium/example.spec.ts/..`.
1. Since `snapshotPathTemplate` resolves to relative path, it will be resolved relative to `configDir`.

> 1. Forward slashes `"/"` can be used as path separators regarding of the platform and work everywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Forward slashes `"/"` can be used as path separators on any platform.
```
